---
title: BlockEden.xyz Partners with Supra Oracles
authors: [dora]
tags: [company]
description: New partnership between BlockEden.xyz and Supra Oracles, uniting advanced API marketplace capabilities with cutting-edge oracle technology to revolutionize the blockchain ecosystem. Enhance your Web3 experience with unparalleled security, reliability, and cross-chain interoperability, fostering innovation and community growth in the decentralized world.
image: https://tp-misc.b-cdn.net/blockeden/blockedennyz-partners-with-supra-oracles.webp
---

## A Meeting of Minds: Supra Oracles and BlockEden.xyz

**Supra Oracles** has been instrumental in bridging the gap between traditional Web2 technologies and the burgeoning Web3 horizon. By enhancing oracle technology, cross-chain communication, and consensus mechanisms, Supra is facilitating a seamless transition to a more decentralized and secure digital future. Their Distributed Oracle Agreements (DORA) Protocol ensures that data is sourced, verified, and recorded on blockchains with unmatched accuracy and integrity.

**BlockEden.xyz** emerges as a pioneering API marketplace, distinguished by our unwavering commitment to high availability, comprehensive API offerings, and fortified security measures. Our platform boasts a robust infrastructure with $50M staked, 47 APIs, and a vibrant community of over 6000 developers, all underpinned by a 99.9% overall uptime. We take pride in our inclusive ecosystem, which caters to the diverse needs of blockchain protocol builders, DApp developers, and token holders alike, ensuring a harmonious balance between innovation and security.

## What This Partnership Means for Our Customers

Our alliance with Supra Oracles is more than a partnership; it's a synergy of two entities dedicated to enhancing the blockchain space for developers, innovators, and users worldwide. Here's what our users can expect:

- **Enhanced Security and Reliability:** The integration of Supra's oracle solutions with BlockEden.xyz's APIs means even more secure and reliable data feeds, critical for the development of decentralized applications that users can trust.

- **Expanded Interoperability:** With Supra's focus on cross-chain communication, our customers will benefit from seamless interaction across different blockchain networks, opening up a realm of possibilities for developers to create more versatile and impactful DApps.

- **Innovative Solutions:** The combination of Supra's cutting-edge technology, including the dVRF for decentralized randomness, with BlockEden.xyz's comprehensive API offerings, sets the stage for innovative applications that push the boundaries of what's possible in the Web3 space.

- **Community and Support:** Both BlockEden.xyz and Supra Oracles are deeply committed to their communities, offering resources, support, and education to empower users and developers alike. This partnership amplifies our collective ability to serve our community, fostering growth and innovation within the ecosystem.

In closing, the collaboration between BlockEden.xyz and Supra Oracles is a testament to our shared vision of a decentralized future, built on the pillars of security, interoperability, and community. We are excited about the opportunities this partnership will unlock for our users and the broader blockchain community, as we continue to navigate the promising yet uncharted territories of Web3 together.

- Twitter: https://twitter.com/BlockEdenHQ
- Discord: https://discord.gg/4Yfvs2HWey
- Source Link: https://blockeden.xyz/blog/2024/03/11/supra/
